OUTFIT: outfit belongs to a fantasy fairy tradition, modeled after the character Aisha/Layla from Winx Club. The style is defined by organic, translucent wings, shimmering textures, and nature-inspired motifs. The color palette centers on a dominant lime green and secondary pastel pink, with accents of iridescent lilac, gold, and emerald green. Sparkling glitter finishes coat nearly every surface.The hairstyle consists of highly voluminous, long, defined spiral curls extending past the hips, styled into two high half-ponytails at the crown while the rest cascades over the shoulders and back. A delicate, multi-tiered silver chain tiara wraps around the forehead, featuring a prominent central green teardrop gemstone.The two-piece ensemble features a cropped strapless bustier top with a sweetheart neckline, tight fit, and a ruffled lime-green peplum hem. The bust cups are divided into green outer sections and pink inner panels. The matching low-rise wrap skirt features an asymmetrical, layered mini-length design that drapes lower on one side. It is constructed from a lightweight, reflective lime-green fabric with a fine grid texture, trimmed with a gold beaded fringe along the overlapping edge. The midriff and thighs are exposed. Operatic, over-the-elbow gloves made of translucent, shimmering lilac tulle cover the forearms. A thick gold choker necklace with a large, oval emerald pendant sits at the base of the neck.Dominating the silhouette are oversized, stylized insect-like fairy wings that extend well beyond the height and width of the torso. Consisting of four distinct segments—two large upper wings and two smaller lower wings—they feature a translucent, chartreuse-green base with a sparkling glitter texture. Thick, structured green frames outline the perimeter, while internal pink, heart-shaped leaf motifs are outlined in gold. The top wings terminate in curled tips adorned with dangling, crystalline bead droplets. The overall design elements convey a mood of playful magic and whimsical enchantment.