OUTFIT: ethereal, creature-inspired fantasy outfit belongs to a fairy or magical being tradition, characterized by prominent, translucent wings and integrated internal illumination. The overall visual composition is dominated by monochromatic white and shimmering silver tones, distributed evenly across a structured bodice and a voluminous, flared skirt. Visual balance is anchored by the outspread, highly detailed wings, while the scattered, internal white and warm-toned lights embedded within the fabric draw the most immediate visual attention.The upper-body garment is a fitted, cropped bodice with thin spaghetti straps and a sweetheart neckline. It features an inverted V-shaped cutout at the lower center, revealing a sheer, translucent mesh panel beneath. The entire surface of the bodice is densely covered in iridescent white beads, sequins, and small crystals that form a highly textured, sparkling surface.The lower-body garment is a high-waisted, A-line mini skirt that features an straight-cut waistline encrusted with matching silver crystals. The skirt is constructed from multiple layers of fine, lightweight white tulle or organza, creating a voluminous, floating silhouette that retains its flared shape. Long, delicate silver rhinestone chains drape vertically from the waistband down to the straight hemline, ending in small, suspended crystal droplets. Embedded between the translucent layers of fabric are dozens of tiny, glowing LED fairy lights, emitting a bright white and soft warm illumination that shines through the sheer material.The outfit features an integrated set of wide, architectural wings that attach behind the shoulders. These wings are constructed from a rigid, gold-toned wire framework shaped into complex, radiating vein patterns resembling insect or fairy anatomy. The webbing of the wings is made of a sheer, iridescent, glass-like membrane that shifts in color with pearlescent gradients of silver, blue, gold, and pink under the light. The lower edges of the wings terminate in sharp, pointed, feather-like tips, with delicate crystal beads dangling from the ends of the wire ribs. Around the neck sits a wide, matching collar necklace composed of tiered, dripping rows of silver rhinestones and teardrop-shaped crystals.